VIDEO-4419 | Update isSupported to match browser matrix support (#1482)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Version 1.x will End of Life on September 8th, 2021.** Check [this guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/migrating-1x-2x) to plan your migration to the latest 2.x version. Support for the 1.x version ended on December 4th, 2020.

2.14.1 (In Progress)
=====================

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug where `isSupported` is returning `true` on certain unsupported mobile browsers. With this release, `isSupported` should now match our list of [supported browsers](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/javascript#supported-browsers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where `isSupported` was returning `true` on certain unsupported mobile browsers. With this release, `isSupported` should now return true only for the [browsers supported by twilio-video.js](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/javascript#supported-browsers).
```
